very soon we will find out who will leave our
tv series navsegda
and now the troika will be on the stage
Anna Rider
boring asked you to rotate data
such an opportunity to go on this wall
four
I want meladze
they she tore dmitri
Grigory and took place was written
in all
statute
my grandson
but
i network
and always
jameson
digi
but
one
tesla boy
here
optimus
judge about this and that
Sophia and honey are those who are here
show 51 father his tea is ready
hands wallet but he didn't say
these guys over their
but Miradad machines
but
zastelli
something
about
but
was
infected when the song started
that but the guys were able to do it
in its own way with humor
the only thing that dmitry is slightly
looks weaker in my opinion
but in general the performances are very cool
I wipe Constantin first of all I
should note
anatolia layer which is declared on my
view without unconditional rod and this
groups a person who is equally this
is strong in completely different genres and
It is surprisingly wonderful
It seems to me that Grisha is reincarnating and he
Okinawa shows that a person is flexible and
in the good sense of the word ready for
everything
that's where we are
I see some such doubts seem to me
In general, where it has brought it whether he does
what is needed or is it not at all therefore
feeling not quite homogeneous thanks
end those guys thank you send
through the tutors
I think she will be glad now looking
on you but not only mentor rejoices
in of course I look
what are you looking again down in these
beautiful cool
hearts conquered me even more and I
I want to remind you that literally through
few moments we will face so
the fact when Konstantin meladze
on this stage make public your decision
and we say goodbye once and for all to one of
protruding coffin be sure to wait
This anya today said that Dima he
weak link you are not afraid that here
weak link can pull the whole team
down I think that Dimka will drag it
I must do this, I wish you all good luck
krishna decide the main no it should be
collectives and so I send you to
scene to hear
today's vertik constantin we are waiting
your verdict